I. Problem Statement:
o Describe the real-world problem you want to solve.

As students, we have the responsibility to accomplish our goals and tasks that will shape us into the best version of ourselves in the future. However, due to various assignments with different objectives and deadlines, students tend to find themselves in a pickle. Deadlines are not always sent out effectively, meaning sudden changes or no reminders at all can cause panic, stress, and accidentally forgetting these dates which causes a drop in grades. Students also have the problem of having to go back and forth from a calendar to a page where the instructions could be found (GClassroom, Gmail), as well as the preset calendar program lacking in proper deadlines/event reschedules. Not prioritizing tasks efficiently and effectively leads to cramming and pressure which hurts the mental health of students. Sometimes, even having a simple to-do list is too hard to manage. Homework starts piling up, then students start to forget, and don’t know which to prioritize first, which will eventually lead to cramming, stress and burnouts. This all starts with procrastination and improper time management, which we students need for students to grow.

II. Problem Identification
	Improper time management and lack of prioritization is the start of procrastination. If students continue with their old habits of cramming, stressing and tiring themselves out, it will follow with burnout and constant pressure to complete these assignments. These students would feel like it would be better to give up, as they can’t catch up and remember the amount of work they need to accomplish.

III. Problem Decomposition:
▪ Sub-problem 1: Organization of Requirements and Events
▪ Sub-problem 2: Tons of Requirements due to Improper Time Management
▪ Sub-problem 3: Prioritization Of Work from the Highest Priority to the Lowest Priority (By the Deadlines of Submission)
▪ Sub-problem 4: Not Knowing the Objectives of the Assessments Task due to Scattered Information (Notebooks, Gmail, Gclassroom and others)




IV. Proposed Solution
The programmers propose a customizable student-friendly calendar that includes all the user’s class schedules, projects and events organized by the school. The calendar will also include deadlines and the objectives of specific tasks you want to focus or work on. Students will be the primary users for this calendar; however, teachers can also use the calendar software to give the student’s tasks out efficiently, as well as adjust the extensions or the guidelines of the given tasks. By making this calendar software, the tasks will be organized according to priority, which will help students minimize procrastination and increase efficiency in time management in academic tasks and other school activities.

V. Feasibility and Scope
	Our calendar will cover the basic features of class organization by date and priority, organization of class schedules (make-up classes and shortened class periods included), and scheduling of other academic events/breaks and examination dates. This calendar will also be able to remind the user, provide the user with task objectives for more efficiency. Additionally, the teacher can adjust dates and schedules, based on their extensions to the task/s’ deadlines and change in guidelines and objectives. However, this program will be limited to academic work only for better focus on requirements and tasks. Some Possible constraints the researchers will encounter during the making of this project is the time, skills and resources since we are only students. In addition to that, we also struggle with our own time management and teamwork because of our lack of focus and prioritization,  which we based this project upon to help other scholars like us too.

Even as a group, we have a lot of other work aside from the project so we will find a way to work on our program while working on other projects. Our group only has decent programming knowledge and some of our groupmates aren’t fully accommodated in programming and there are many possibilities left undiscovered. Our technology is pretty decent since making a database is hard enough. Supporting the database with high tech servers takes too much effort and we do not have the budget. Our only resources are our laptops, computers and our phones. All of the resources we use are completely free, meaning that we are limited to basic programming materials. Common settings like signing up, creating a chat, or a data system for server-sided options take money, time, and effort.








VI. Team Roles

o Member 1 Role: Program Ideation, Information for the Problem Statement and Problem Identification and Revision, Coding and troubleshooting.

o Member 2 Role: Problem Identification, Feasibility and Scope, debugging, coding, formatting.

o Member 3 Role: Coding, Debugging, Formatting, and Information for: Problem Statement, Identification, Decomposition, Proposed Solution, Feasibility and Scope.

o Member 4 Role: Problem Statement, Identification and Decomposition, Proposed Solution, Information for the Feasibility and Scope, Revision and Formatting, Coding and Debugging.

o Member 5 Role: Coding and Debugging, revision of work, Troubleshooting and Problem Identification and Feasibility and Scope.

