# I.	Definitions and Meanings Used:
-----
## 1.	Level of Priority - Based on weight of the task on the grade or based on how many units the task’s subject has.
## 2.	Status - Complete or Incomplete

# II.	Project Objectives:
*	Organize Student’s tasks/assessments by type (AA, LT), level of priority (based on percentage in grade/units of the subject), and deadlines (From nearest to farthest)
*	Organize events and tasks into lists for students to practice proper time management
* Allows Students to create their own Custom Calendar to practice Time Management

# III.	Planned Features and Requirements
&nbsp;&nbsp;a.	Core Features (Must-Have):\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;i.	Teacher and Student Log-in System\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;ii.	Menu of Different Options\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;iii.	Saves and Retrieves All Data Updated and Added for Tasks, Events, Schedules, and Default Student List\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;iv.	Output of all Data in Calendar\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;v.	Log-out System\
		
&nbsp;&nbsp;b.	Additional Features (Nice-to-Have):\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;For Teachers:\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;i.	Choice Menu to either add, update or view official school tasks\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;ii.	Prompts User to Add and Saves Task and Task Information (Type, Level of Priority, Deadline)\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;iii.	Prompts User to Add and Saves Events and Event Information (Name, Place, Time, Requirement)\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;iv.	Prompts User to Add and Saves Schedules and Schedule Information (Name, Events, Times/Dates)\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;v.	Prompts user to update the default list of students and Status of Assessments\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;vi.	Retrieves and Displays List of Students and Status of Assessments.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;vii.	Save and Retrieve Task/Event/Schedule Information\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;viii.	Displays all official school tasks, events and schedules and their information (Generates the Iskolendar)\

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;For Students:\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;ix.	Default School Official Tasks/Events/Schedules\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;x.	Big Choice Menu\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;xi.	Sub-Choice Menu for Official School Calendar\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;xii.	Retrieves Tasks and Task Information (Type, Priority, Due Date)\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;xiii.	Retrieves Events and Event Information (Name, Place, Time, Requirement)\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;xiv.	Retrieves Schedule and Schedule Information (Name, Events, Times/Dates)\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;xv.	Sub-Choice Menu for Customizable Calendar\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;xvi.	Prompts User to Add and Saves Task and Task Information (Type, Level of Priority, Deadline)\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;xvii.	Prompts User to Add and Saves Events and Event Information (Name, Place, Time, Requirement)\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;xviii.	Prompts User to Add and Saves Schedules and Schedule Information (Name, Events, Times/Dates)\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;xix.	Allows Students to Change the Status of the Assessment (Incomplete/Complete)\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;xx.	Retrieves all Task/Event/Schedule Information/Status\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;xxi.	Generates the Iskolendar\

&nbsp;&nbsp;c.	Short Descriptions:\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Core Features (Must-Have):\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;1.	Teacher and Student Log-in System: Gives users the choice to log-in as a Student or a Teacher. \
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;2.	Menu of Different Options: Gives teachers the choice to either add,  update or view official school events, tasks or schedules, while giving Students the choices to either view official school tasks and events, or to either add or update any of the events in their own customizable calendar, as well as to sort the tasks based on criteria (Type, etc.).\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;3.	Saves and Retrieves All Data Updated and Added for Tasks, Events, and Schedules: Saves and stores information added or updated about a certain task, event, students or schedule. Information includes type of task, level of priority, due date, and completion status.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;4.	Output of all Data in Calendar: Generates the Calendar by retrieving and displaying all data/information of tasks, events, and schedules in the calendar.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;5.	Log-out System: Gives the teacher/student a choice to log-out in a main menu pop-up which is different for both teacher and student.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Additional Features(Nice-to-Have):\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;For Teachers:\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;i.	Choice Menu: Gives teachers the choice to either add, update, or view official school events and tasks.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;ii.	Prompts User to Add and Saves Task and Task Information (Type, Level of Priority, Deadline): Allows teachers to add official school tasks and the tasks’ information including its Type, Level of Priority, Deadline of Submission, and stores this information to use later.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;iii.	Prompts User to Add and Saves Events and Event Information (Name, Place, Time, Requirement): Allows teachers to add official school events and the information including its Name, Place where it will happen, Start/End Time, and if it's a requirement, this information is then stored to use later.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;iv.	Prompts User to Add and Saves Schedules and Schedule Information (Name, Events, Times/Dates): Allows teachers to add schedules and all of its information including its Name, names of events that happen in the schedule, and times/dates these events will happen. This information is then stored to use for later.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;v.	Prompts user to update and saves the default list of students and Status of Assessments: Retrieves the default list of assessments and allows the teacher to edit it by adding or deleting students, or by updating the status (complete or incomplete) of each of their assessments. This information willbe stored to be used later.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;vi.	Retrieves and Displays List of Students and Status of Assessments: Retrieves the data from the stored information of the list and displays the default list of students and the status of their assessments\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;vii.	Retrieval of Task/Event/Schedule Information: Retrieves all information of Task/Event/Schedule the teacher would like to view. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;viii.	Displays all official school tasks, events and schedules and their information (Generates the Iskolendar): Generates the calendar, by retrieving and displaying all the data, sorted and off by tasks, events and schedules.\
    For Students:\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;ix.	Default School Official Tasks/Events/Schedules: Default list of tasks, events and schedules in the program.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;x.	Big Choice Menu: Gives Students the choice to either view official school events, tasks or schedules.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;xi.	Sub-Choice Menu for Official School Calendar: Redirects students to the calendar and lets them choose what task/event to show.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;xii.	Retrieves Tasks and Task Information (Type, Priority, Due Date): Retrieves the Type, Priority, and Due Date  of the Task the Student wants to view.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;xiii.	Retrieves Events and Event Information (Name, Place, Time, Requirement): Retrieves the Name, Place, Time, and Requirements of the Event for the student.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;xiv.	Retrieves Schedule and Schedule Information (Name, Events, Times/Dates): Returns the Information for the Schedule like Name, Events, Time/Dates, etc.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;xv.	Sub-Choice Menu for Customizable Calendar: Lets the student customize the calendar, whether it’s color, size, etc.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;xvi.	Prompts User to Add and Save Task and Task Information (Type, Level of Priority, Deadline): Lets the student Add and Save Tasks and their Information, including the Type, Priority, and Due Date of the Task, these are also stored for later use.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;xvii.	Prompts User to Add and Saves Events and Event Information (Name, Place, Time, Requirement): Lets the student Add and Save Events and the Name, Place, Time, and Requirements of the Event, also being stored for later use.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;xviii.	Prompts User to Add and Saves Schedules and Schedule Information (Name, Events, Times/Dates): Allows the user to Add and Save Schedules with the Name, Events, and also Time/Dates, which are stored for later use.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;xix.	Allows Students to Change the Status of the Assessment (Incomplete/Complete): Lets the student change the status of the assessment.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;xx.	Retrieves all Pending Task/Event/Schedule Information/Status: Retrieves the information and status of all the Pending Tasks, Events, and Schedules.\
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;xxi.	Generates the Iskolendar: Generation of the iskolendar by showing all of the data, including and sorting tasks, events, and schedules.\

# IV.	Logic Plan
## A.	Flowchart
   Link to flowchart: https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVGUq4D9g=/ 

